In the last lecture we learned about that hierarchical injector.
And actually this injection behavior leads to the behavior we see here.
Now that's not a bug that's intended.
You might have an application where you want to have many different instances of the same service where
you absolutely don't want to have the same instance but sometimes you want to have the same instance.
And we definitely do because right now for our account service we have three instances.
The first one gets created here in app component.
We provide a tier app component receives its own service or it's an instance of the service I should
say as to all the child components.
Now you might say fine because new account and account are child components right but they are provided
again and hence we override the instance we would get from the app component.
Now a new account and accounts are a component have their own incenses.
So these are average two instances of this service class.
And therefore if we add a new service we call ad account there we push it on this array of accounts.
And this actually works but it's a totally different instance of the service that we won than the one
we use here in app component.
The one through which we loop How can we fix it then here for our app simple we just remove it from
the provider's array.
Don't remove it from the constructor.
We of course do need it here because debt Tellez angular that we want an instance the provider's array
basically tells of which instance of where we needed to remove it.
And the same for account component.
Leave it in the constructor leave the import at the top but remove it from the provider's array with
that little change.
If you go back to the application after saving it let's add another account.
Now you'll see it at the bottom.
Now you can change the status again.
So this is the difference.
Different instances of the service.
Now we're using one of the same Before we weren't both.
Maybe the behavior you want in your app.
But make sure that you get the correct one